docs(template-module): add basic releasing information (#96)
getoutreach/stencil: docs/content/en/reference/template-module.md

A module can write to a module hook with the [`stencil.AddToModuleHook "importPath" "hookName"`](/stencil/functions/stencil.addtomodulehook) function.

## Updating a Module

> Modules, by default, are updated by default when running `stencil`. This is done by finding the latest Github release for a module and then using it. However, this may not be desired, so `stencil` can also be ran with the `--frozen-lockfile` command which will attempt to use the last ran versions again.

Author: ```suggestion
Modules, by default, are updated by default when running `stencil`. This is done by finding the latest Github release for a module and then using it. However, this may not be desired, so `stencil` can also be ran with the `--frozen-lockfile` command which will attempt to use the last ran versions again. An exception to this is major releases. Stencil will, by default, prompt the user for their permission to use the new version when a major version upgrade is detected. This will also display the release notes of that release to the user.
```

> Module versions are stored in the `modules` key of the `stencil.lock` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Module versions are stored in the `[]modules.version` keys in the `stencil.lock` file.
```

 * `chore` - a misc, catch-all, change that doesn’t modify source code.  This does not trigger a release.

#### scope

A scope is a useful way to separate changes, and identify them in a changelog. This is not required, and is loosely defined based on the project.

Examples:

* `feat(users): added multiple users modified files in a internal/reactor/users_controller.go`
* `fix(http): properly bind to config port modified the http server code in internal/reactor/httpservice.go`

### Creating a Release

Keeping in mind the release branches above, below are standard "SOPs" to release a module.

#### Creating a Release from `main` (Pre-release)

```
# Create the release
git checkout main; git pull
git checkout release; git pull
git merge main
git push

# Merge the merge commit back to main to ensure history is up-to-date.
git checkout main; git pull
git merge release
git push
```

#### Creating a One-Off Release (Hotfix)

```
# Create a cherry-picked commit
git checkout main; git pull
git checkout release; git pull
git cherry-pick <commit>
git push

# Keep main at the same history as release
git checkout main; git pull
git merge release
git push
```

> ```

Author: ```suggestion
```

- name: github.com/stencil/example-module
	version: v1.0.0
```

## Releasing a Module

> Modules, when generated by the `stencil create` command are configured to release differently based on the current branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modules, when generated by the `stencil create` command, are configured to release differently based on the target merge branch.
```

 * `main` - Creates a pre-release in Github, this is not automatically used or considered in stencil. These releases look like: `v0.0.0-rc.X`
 * `release` - Creates a release in Github, this is considered automatically when stencil is ran.

### Conventional Commit

By default the versions bumps are made by using the commit messages. We recommend using squash and merge on your repository so that the title will be used for the commit, and thus the PR title is used instead. The rest of this document will assume this is the case.

A standard PR title should follow the [conventional commit](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) format. This roughly translates to the format of `type(optionalScope): message`.

`feat: support multiple users`

`feat(users): add multiple user support`

Let’s look at each of the different sections of a conventional commit:

#### type

> A type controls the what is released, or not released. Generally a type should be specific to the changes in the PR, but when in doubt you can always select one that has the releasing behaviour you want

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A type controls the what is released, or not released. Generally a type should be specific to the changes in the PR, but when in doubt you can always select one that has the releasing behavior you want.
```

##### **Major Release (vX.0.0)**

>  * **BREAKING CHANGE** - Breaks existing functionality. This should never be used lightly, always talk to #dev-tooling-support before doing this.

Reviewer: these are public docs

>  * **BREAKING CHANGE** - Breaks existing functionality. This should never be used lightly, always talk to #dev-tooling-support before doing this.

Author: ```suggestion
 * **BREAKING CHANGE** - Breaks existing functionality. This will cause stencil to ask for a user's permission before updating.
```

 * **type!** - shorthand for BREAKING CHANGE, use any other type below with a ! at the end.

Examples:

 * `feat!(scope): break all the things`
 * `feat!: break allllllll the things`

##### **Minor Release (v0.X.0)**

>  * `feat` - a feature, this should be something that adds to the service and is end user facing, this should not be a a breaking change.

Reviewer: either use periods at the end of these bullet points or don't, but just be consistent (look beneath here)
